<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>About</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>About the Project</h1>
        <p>Vincent van Gogh has inspired countless people around the world, and since his death has become one of the
            most famous and influential artists of the modern era. Throughout his career, he produced close to
            2,100 works, most of which were completed during the final years of his life. His legacy
            is one of art and productivity.</p>
        <p>Also included in his legacy, however, are his struggles with mental health. A popular
            narrative about a "tortured artist" has often orbited around his name and work, with
            many believing it was his poor mental health that allowed him to create such famous
            works of beauty.</p>
        <p>Many fans of his are familiar with the stories of van Gogh eating paint, cutting his own
            ear off, and ultimately commiting suicide. More than that, they credit such struggle
            to his success. But is his pain really what led to his work finding the love and acclaim it
            did?</p>
        <p>The aim of this project is to determine whether van Gogh's most productive periods were
            due to his lowest moments, or if there's more to the story than many people think.
            Through analyzing van Gogh's letters to his brother, Theo, we hope to learn from the man
            and painter himself about how he was feeling when he completed his most famous and revered
            works. </p>
    </body>
</html>
