<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Research Methods</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Research Methods</h1>
        <p>In order to grasp as much of an understanding as possible about van Gogh and his personal
            life, our team decided analysing the letters sent to Vincent's brother, Theo, was best.
            The two were especially close and wrote often to one another, and seemed to be the best
            source for reliable information regarding van Gogh's health and well-being.</p>
        <p>Consistency was key in analyzing these letters, so we used a handful of phrases when
            marking up each letter. When van Gogh mentioned stress, we decided on a handful of
            consistent reasons to mark it. It ranged from money to friendships, family to his
            career, and was sometimes even due to love.</p>
        <p>When he mentioned feeling particulary delighted at something, it was marked as
            unstressed, with the same handful of reasons we had designated for stressed. We
            refrained from marking anything as proof of "bad" or "good" mental health unless van
            Gogh explicitly stated how he was feeling, such as this phrase from a letter to Theo:
                "<em>I’m very glad</em> indeed that it’s been arranged for me to work here quietly
            for a while." </p>
        <p>Just as important in our markup was making sure to catch every mention of work. Whether
            it was a sketch, drawing, or painting, we made sure to mark it as work. We specified
            whether it was work he planned to start, whether it was finished, or whether he was in
            the middle of completing it.</p>
        <p>With all of this information available, we were able to use Topic Modeling to find any
            connections between his state of health and his productivity.</p>
    </body>
</html>
