<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Who was Vincent van Gogh?</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Who was Vincent van Gogh?</h1>
        <p>Vincent van Gogh's life is often seen as rife with drama, though most of it was
            internal.</p>
        <p>Throughout his life, van Gogh was highly emotional and religious, and before he found his
            calling as an artist, he believed his purpose was to spread the gospel. For a large
            majority of his young life, in fact, he was not yet a painter. He had a few romances
            that ultimately ended in separation, and lived his life with family and friends more
            than anything. He eventually found his way to the paint brush, but not before he had
            worked a few unsuccessful jobs as a bookstore clerk, an art salesman, and a preacher. It
            was after his preaching days that he discovered life as artist, and this is how he spent
            the reaminder of his life.</p>
        <p>During his time as a painter, he became aquainted with other greats of the time- Monet
            and Gauguin, to name a few. He took quite a bit of inspiration from these painters, and
            eventually developed the very specfic Impressionist style he is now known for today. His
            work is now the inspiration of countless artists, writers, and filmmakers alike, and he
            has gone down in history as one of the most famous, prolific painters to ever exist.</p>
        <p>Despite his current acclaim, van Gogh went his entire life without knowing what his work
            would someday mean to people. He did not die a famous man, and in fact often had trouble
            selling his work. His brother, Theo, was a constant source of monetary and emotional
            support, and is likely a monumental reason van Gogh was able to produce as many
            paintings as he did.</p>
        <p>Toward the end of his life, van Gogh's mental health steadily deteriorated. After a
            period of increasingly worrying behavior, he spent time living in an asylum, after which
            he seemed much improved. Just two months after he was released, however, he committed
            suicide. His brother, Theo, died only a year later, leaving Vincent's painting with his
            sister-in-law. It was through her that his work found fame, and he has been one of the
            greats in art history ever since. </p>
        <p>While there is much to discuss about van Gogh's life, for the sake of this project we
            focused on the later years of his life, from 1880 to 1890, precisely. These were seen as
            the most productive years of his life, during which he wrote an incredible amount of
            letters to Theo. </p>
    </body>
</html>
